fix(2050): user guide for new config command (#376)
screwdriver-cd/screwdriver-cd.github.io: docs/user-guide/local.md

# config command
You can configure sd-local for multiple environments by config command.  
Your settings are stored in `~/.sdlocal/config` like below.

```
configs:
  default:
    api-url: ""
    store-url: ""
    token: ""
    launcher:
      version: stable
      image: screwdrivercd/launcher
  yourConfigName:
    api-url: ""
    store-url: ""
    token: ""
    launcher:
      version: stable
      image: screwdrivercd/launcher
current: default
```

- `default` is created automatically when the first time you use sd-local
- `current` points the setting which you are currently using

## Usage

### create subcommand
You can create a new setting.

```bash
$ sd-local config create <name>
```

### delete subcommand
You can delete a setting.

```bash
$ sd-local config delete <name>
```

> - You can't delete the setting in use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can't delete the setting currently in use
```

### use subcommand

> You can switch a setting in use

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can switch a setting in use.
```

```bash
$ sd-local config use <name>
```

### set subcommand

> You can configure a setting in use by key/value format. You must set `api-url`, `store-url`, and `token` in order to execute builds.  

Reviewer 2: How about below?
```suggestion
You can configure the setting currently using by key/value format. You must set `api-url`, `store-url`, and `token` in order to execute builds.  
```

Please refer to the [List of keys](#list-of-keys) about available settings.
```bash
$ sd-local config set <key> <value>
```

### view subcommand
You can confirm the current settings. The setting starts with `*` is in use.

```bash
$ sd-local config view
  cluster1:
    api-url: https://cluster1-api-screwdriver.com
    store-url: https://cluster1-store-screwdriver.com
    token: yourcluster1token
    launcher:
      version: stable
      image: screwdrivercd/launcher
* cluster2:
    api-url: https://cluster2-api-screwdriver.com
    store-url: https://cluster2-store-screwdriver.com

>     token: yourcluster1token

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    token: yourcluster2token
```
